JC-817 create stub for adding connectors add-on doc (#482)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/connectors/adding-connectors-addon/README.adoc

:access-mgmt-url-registry: registry/access-mgmt-registry/README.adoc
:content-rules-registry: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_service_registry/1/guide/9b0fdf14-f0d6-4d7f-8637-3ac9e2069817[Supported Service Registry content and rules]
:service-binding-url-registry: registry/service-binding-registry/README.adoc

//OpenShift Connectors
:product-long-connectors: OpenShift Connectors
:service-url-connectors: https://console.redhat.com/application-services/connectors
////
END GENERATED ATTRIBUTES
////

[id="chap-adding-connectors-addon"]
= Adding the Red Hat {product-long-connectors} add-on to an OpenShift Dedicated trial cluster 
ifdef::context[:parent-context: {context}]
:context: adding-connectors-addon

[role="_abstract"]
This document describes how to add Red Hat OpenShift Connectors to an OpenShift Dedicated (OSD) Customer Cloud Subscription (CCS) trial cluster in your own OSD environment.

The OSD CCS trial has a 60-day lifespan and the number of Connectors instances that you create is not limited. The trial environment is useful when you want to create Proof of Concept solutions.

> NOTE: Alternatively, for quick access, you can try OpenShift Connectors on the Service Preview Evaluation site.  The evaluation site involves 48 hour expiration windows and limits you to four Connectors instances at a time, as described in Service Preview guidelines.

Reviewer: Do you need to include a link to the Service Preview Evaluation site?

.Prerequisites

> * You must install the OpenShift Connectors service on an OSD trial cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You've installed the OpenShift Connectors service on an OSD trial cluster. 
```

* You must have an existing Amazon Web Service (AWS) account.

> * Your trial cluster must use CCS on your existing AWS account. For information, see About the OpenShift Dedicated Trial. For more information on CCS, see Customer Cloud Subscriptions on AWS .

Reviewer: Suggest linking to the CCS page.

> * Your trial cluster cannot have the strimzi operator nor the Camel K operator installed (to avoid possible conflicts with the strimzi and Camel K operators that are installed as part of the Connectors Add-on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Your trial cluster can't have the Strimzi operator nor the Camel K operator installed (to avoid possible conflicts with the Strimzi and Camel K operators that are installed as part of the Connectors Add-on).
```

* You have cluster administrator permissions for your OSD account    
* You downloaded and installed the following command line (CLI) tools:
+

> `curl`

Reviewer: This is really a list, so I'd format this as a second-level list:

** `curl`
** `jq`

+
`jq`

[id="proc-request-connectors-namespace"]
== Request a Connectors namespace for your trial OSD cluster

A Connectors namespace hosts your Connector instances.

.Procedure

> . Login to the Hybrid Cloud Console (https://console.redhat.com/openshift) and then navigate to the Downloads page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to the Hybrid Cloud Console (https://console.redhat.com/openshift) and then navigate to the Downloads page.
```

> . Scroll down to the bottom of the page and then click View API Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Scroll down to the bottom of the page and then click *View API Token*.
```

> . Click Load Token and then follow the 'Using your token in the command line' instructions to install the ocm command-line tool and run the authentication command in a terminal window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Load Token* and then follow the 'Using your token in the command line' instructions to install the `ocm` command-line tool.
```

> . In your terminal window, set the following environment variable to the URL for the Red Hat OpenShift Connecters API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In your terminal, set the following environment variable to the URL for the Red Hat OpenShift Connecters API:
```

+

> ----

Reviewer: Suggest formatting these code blocks as source blocks. That's what the other app services have done. For example:

[source]
----

----
